CLOUDP-196976: Publish compliancePolicy commands (#2494)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-backups-compliancePolicy-policies-ondemand-update.txt

=======================================================
atlas backups compliancePolicy policies ondemand update
=======================================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

Update the on-demand policy of the backup compliance for your project.

Syntax
------

.. code-block::
   :caption: Command Syntax

   atlas backups compliancePolicy policies ondemand update [options]

.. Code end marker, please don't delete this comment

Options
-------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - -h, --help
     - 
     - false
     - help for update
   * - -o, --output
     - string
     - false
     - Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see full output, use the -o json option.
   * - --projectId
     - string
     - false
     - Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.
   * - --retentionUnit
     - string
     - true

>      - Unit of time in which MongoDB Cloud measures snapshot retention: 'days' 'weeks' 'months'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Unit of time in which Atlas measures snapshot retention: 'days' 'weeks' 'months'. 
```

   * - --retentionValue
     - int
     - true

>      - Duration in days, weeks, or months that MongoDB Cloud retains the snapshot. For less frequent policy items, MongoDB Cloud requires that you specify a value greater than or equal to the value specified for more frequent policy items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Duration in days, weeks, or months that Atlas retains the snapshot. For less frequent policy items, Atlas requires that you specify a value greater than or equal to the value specified for more frequent policy items.
```
Could you please replace MongoDB Cloud with Atlas throughout this PR?

Author: yep, updated! thanks
